the toshiba satellite x 205 is an
all-in-one powerful multimedia PC that
lets you get your game on and take it to
the road here to tell us all about it is
Jenny welcome to the show thanks Melissa
I'm excited to be here to talk about the
satellite x 205 with the dish TV
satellite x 205 laptop you won't miss
your desktop a bit powered by intel
centrino duo processor technology the
satellite x 205 meets the demands of
high-end gamers and multimedia users is
simply put the x 205 works and plays as
hard as you do wherever you are notice
eva has always been a leader in mobile
computers what makes this model the X 2
of 5 unique from the rest the satellite
x 205 packs a powerful multimedia
performance into a thinner lighter note
book and in doing so offers a high
impact gaming class media center for the
high end user on the go not to mention
this laptop looks and sounds better than
anything you've ever experienced get
this you can connect the satellite x 205
to a high-definition plasma or LCD
display and enjoy your games and movies
in HD and an even bigger format courtesy
of the HDMI connector with support for
up to 1080i resolution and that's just
visual crank up the four built-in Harman
Kardon speakers with one sub woofer and
Dolby Home Theater technology lets you
and your friends be absorbed by virtual
surround sound and performance graphics
wherever you go that's awesome Jenny so
you're saying that I can have an amazing
multimedia experience with the satellite
x 205 virtually anywhere and that's
right Melissa that x 205 puts you in the
middle of the action and in gaming goes
big time with the dual 120 gigabyte hard
drives as well as upgraded 1 gigabyte
lan connectivity for faster transfer
rates ideal for downloading music video
and games you can even play HD movies
and burn rip and storm or multimedia
files to with the HD DVD ROM with super
multi drive that reads and writes up to
12 formats very cool so last but not
least what should we know about
the components of the satellite x 205
this laptop is powered by an intel core
2 duo t7100 processor it also provides
true bright technology which makes them
adjust brighter and more vivid thanks to
its anti glare feature it's powered by
the nvidia geforce go 8700 MGT graphics
video card which includes 256 megabytes
of dedicated video ddr3 ram for
uninterruptedly 3d gaming well thank you
so much Jenny for stopping by again
today no problem okay check out the
satellite x 205 from toshiba at become
today